welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called black snake
moan from 2006. spoilers ahead watch out
and take care and i hope you enjoy it at
the beginning of the movie we see a
couple named ronnie and rey they're
having wild sex because ronnie is in the
national guard and he's deploying
tomorrow he doesn't want anyone else to
have sex with his wife while he's gone
the next morning ronnie is getting ready
to leave but rey is not happy about it
suddenly ronnie has a panic attack but
rey calms him down this was rather
common for ronnie and he often gets
panic attacks when rey gets on his back
and holds his hands he feels relieved
in the next scene ronnie is leaving and
he tells rey to go to her auntie's house
but rey refuses to go there and she
starts crying because she really does
not want ronnie to leave ronnie calms
her down and gives her a watch as a
memento and he keeps another similar
watch for himself he tells her that
whenever the two watches beep together
they will feel closer to each other
ronnie leaves with his friend gill and
rey cries as he goes
after ronnie's car leaves rey begins to
act strangely
and behaves promiscuously in his absence
she has sex with another man behind
ronnie's back rey is walking on the road
and runs into her mom but it wasn't a
chance encounter because her mom offers
her condoms clearly aware of what's
going on in her life
rey does not speak to her mom and leaves
we'll get to the reason for her cold
shoulder later on
there's a man named lazarus who used to
be a blues guitarist but now he's a
farmer lazarus is telling his friend
that he has never once beat his wife not
even while drunk he tells him this
because his wife rose threatens to
divorce him every single day actually
rose is having an affair with lazarus's
brother
he goes to meet his wife for the last
time he tells her to stop treating him
this way but rose brushes him off and
leaves the restaurant bitter and angry
lazarus comes back to his house with a
broken heart he notices the rose garden
outside his house and his mind is filled
with memories of his wife and their
lives together he had even written a
poem for her but after reciting the poem
lazarus destroys the garden with his
tractor
lazarus is sitting at a bar and is
clearly upset a lady comes up to him
aware that his wife has left him and
attempts to reassure him that it's not a
big deal she invites him to her room but
lazarus is not interested in leaves
lazarus is drinking beer and smoking
cigarettes when his brother who's having
an affair with his wife shows up he
tries to sweet talk him enlighten his
mood but lazarus is furious and
threatens to attack him with a broken
glass
but he eventually comes down from his
fury and lets him go
meanwhile rey is out partying doing
drugs and having sex with a slew of
other men the watch that ronnie had
given her beeps
poor ronnie thinks maybe ron is missing
him but in reality rey is cheating on
him after the party rey passes out and
her friends just leave her there gil a
friend of ronnie's takes her with him to
his car he tries to take advantage of
her but rey mocks him saying that he
isn't even packing half the size
compared to ronnie this angers gill and
he beats rey unconscious
gill thinking he killed her leaves her
on the side of the road and runs away
the next morning lazarus is throwing
away all of his wife's clothes in the
trash he sees a girl lying on the road
covered in blood
he takes her into his home to rejuvenate
her as rey is coming too she mistakenly
thinks lazarus is a man she has
previously slept with and starts to make
moves on him but lazarus tells her that
he's not who she thinks he is though he
is familiar with the guy she mistook him
for whose name is tyrone he goes to buy
medicine for rey and runs into a friend
at the shop who has feelings for him
lazarus takes the medicine and the
friend doesn't accept his money he heads
back to his house where rey is having a
dream in her dream she sees a guy coming
onto her and trying to have sex with her
more on this later lazarus returns home
and finds rey sleeping he tries to wake
her when she suddenly opens her eyes and
starts kissing him passionately lazarus
pushes her away and steps outside for
some time he's wondering who this
nymphomaniac is that he's brought into
his house
he realizes that this girl is so hot and
horny and that he should cool her down
so he goes inside and gathers some ice
to put in the bathtub he takes rey and
puts her in the icy water lazarus
notices that she's saying the name
tyrone he immediately goes to tyrone's
house so he can acquire information
about rey tyrone tells him who she is
that her name is rey and that she's a
sex addict rey is trying to escape from
lazarus house
but lazarus stops her and brings her
back inside rey begs him to have sex
with her but lazarus is a good guy and
he turns her down he tells her to go to
sleep lazarus thinks he needs to teach
this girl a lesson he fetches a chain
from his storeroom the next morning rey
is back to her senses and asks lazarus
how long she's been staying at his house
he tells her that she's been there for
two days after he found her on the road
beaten bloody and unconscious
rey tells him that she has nothing to
offer to show her gratitude for helping
her but lazarus says he doesn't need
anything
rey accepts this but wants to go now she
removes the blanket and realizes that
she's tied up in chains
she freaks out and screams at lazarus
he tells her he hasn't touched her she
was injured so he treated her wounds
that's all rey assures him she's all
healed and can walk on her own feet now
and she demands to be untied
lazarus does not let her go telling her
it wouldn't be right for her to be set
free she will just continue to go about
in a perpetual sex craze and he can't
have that rey pushes him away and then
she tries to escape but the chains are
too strong
lazarus pulls her back and gives her
something to eat rey tries many times to
seduce lazarus but he never succumbs to
her advances
one day rey is sitting on the sofa and
tells lazarus not to come near her or
she will destroy him with her hotness he
just tells her to shut up lazarus goes
to buy some clothes for rey and a
teenage boy who works on the farm goes
to the house and calls for lazarus from
outside hearing his voice rey begins to
act as if she had found her victim the
boy calls lazarus from outside again
stating that he's there for the butter
bill unsuspecting of what was waiting
for him inside he enters the house and
rey jumps at him with aggressive kissing
and lures him into having sex
after some time lazarus returns and sees
the boy and rey together and kicks him
out of his house though he soon regrets
doing this since the boy was not at
fault lazarus sees that one of his
friends has come to visit but he can't
let him inside the house or else rey
will try to seduce him as well his
friend is confused at why he's not
allowed inside lazarus threatens to
shoot him if he takes one step further
towards the house the friend in
disbelief is frozen at the thought of
lazarus shooting him
lazarus gets emotional and tells him the
truth that he has a naked girl inside
his house that he found on the side of
the road his friend is unable to fully
comprehend the situation asking if
lazarus just picked her up like free
candy lazarus tells him everything that
the girl is a nymphomaniac and that he
wants to teach her a lesson to cure her
of this addiction his friend agrees to
help him lazarus tells him to just step
inside and he'll see what's wrong with
her he goes inside and sees rey sitting
on the floor completely nude rey doesn't
try to seduce him though because she's
only recently had sex with a boy from
the farm so he is able to sit with her
and have a chat meanwhile ronnie has
come back from overseas and goes to
gill's house to look for rey ronnie
tells him he thinks she ran away with
someone else gail tells him that ronnie
being with rey was a mistake she was
like this in college as well always
sleeping around ronnie gets angry at gil
beats the [ __ ] out of him and leaves rey
is wearing a nice dress because lazarus
untied her and took her outside for a
walk as they're walking through the mall
she runs into her mom again her mom asks
if she's still a sex addict
and rey accuses her mom of allowing her
to become this way when she was younger
she was raped by her stepfather while
her mom was in the next room over but
did nothing to save her now rey has
recurring nightmares from the trauma of
being raped this is why rey doesn't
speak to her mom
the two of them are fighting when
lazarus comes up takes her in his arms
and goes home lazarus is teaching rey
how to play guitar playing the song
black snake moan by blind lemon
jefferson when ronnie appears thinking
that rey was having an affair with this
old man he argues with lazarus who's
able to control him and tells him that
he has done nothing sexual with rey he
tells him that she's like this because
of the incident from her childhood but
now she has changed ronnie understands
this and apologizes to lazarus
ronnie and rey are getting married and
in the wedding the farm boy and the lady
from the store are also present because
of ronnie and rey's marriage lazarus and
his friend also get together in the last
scene of the movie ronnie and rey are in
a car when rey begins to act strangely
again and is getting horny at the same
time ronnie starts having a panic attack
but rey controls herself and hugs ronnie
from behind to comfort him
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe
stay well thanks